1. Verify user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password.
2. Verify a user cannot login with a valid username and an incorrect password.
3. Verify a user cannot login with a Invalid username and password is secret_sauce
4. Verify the login page when both the username and password field is blank and Submit button is clicked.
5. Verify the login page when username field is blank and Submit button is clicked.
6. Verify the login page when password field is blank and Submit button is clicked.
7. Verify the error messages for invalid login.
8. Verify login successful when username and password does not match.
9. Verify any locked account/user is not able to login
10. Verify the ‘Remember Me’ functionality.
11. Verify if the data in password field is either visible as asterisk or bullet signs.
12. Verify if the ‘Enter’ key of the keyboard is working correctly on the login page.
13. Verify the time taken to log in with a valid username and password.
14. Verify if the font, text color, and color coding of the Login page is as per the standard.
15. Verify the login page and all its controls in different browsers
16. Verify if a user should not be allowed to log in with different credentials from the same browser at the same time.
17. Verify if a user should be able to login with the same credentials in different browsers at the same time.
18. Verify the timeout functionality of the login session.
19. Verify the login page by pressing ‘Back button’ of the browser. It should not allow to enter into the system once user is log out.
20. Verify that the login page is responsive i.e. it should adjust to different screen resolutions and devices.
21. Verify that as soon as the login page opens, by default the cursor should remain on the username textbox.
22. Verify that the user is able to navigate or access the different controls by pressing the ‘Tab’ key on the keyboard.
23. Verify that closing the browser should not log-out an authenticated user. Launching the application should lead the user to login state only.
24. Verify that once logged in, clicking the back button doesn’t logout the user.
25. Verify the UserName and Password field is editable and Login button is visible.
26. Verify the login with problem user
27. Verify the login with performance_glitch_user
28. Verify after successful login the product page is loaded successfully.
29 Verify if the user session is terminated due to timeout, they will be navigated to the login page